Update enrichment pages (#1773)
snowplow/documentation: docs/pipeline/enrichments/available-enrichments/http-header-extractor-enrichment/index.md

      name: "http_header_extractor_config",
      enabled: false,
      parameters: {
        headersPattern: ".*"
      }
    }
  }}
  schema={{ "$schema": "http://iglucentral.com/schemas/com.snowplowanalytics.self-desc/schema/jsonschema/1-0-0#", "description": "Schema for HTTP header extractor enrichment", "self": { "vendor": "com.snowplowanalytics.snowplow.enrichments", "name": "http_header_extractor_config", "format": "jsonschema", "version": "1-0-0" }, "type": "object", "properties": { "vendor": { "type": "string" }, "name": { "type": "string" }, "enabled": { "type": "boolean" }, "parameters": { "type": "object", "properties": { "headersPattern": { "type": "string" }, "description": "A regex for matching headers" }, "required": ["headersPattern"], "additionalProperties": false } }, "required": ["name", "vendor", "enabled", "parameters"], "additionalProperties": false }} />

```mdx-code-block
import TestingWithMicro from "@site/docs/reusable/test-enrichment-with-micro/_index.md"

<TestingWithMicro/>
```

All the headers that will match the regular expression defined in `headersPattern` parameter will be attached to the event.

> In the example configuration, all the headers of the request would be attached to the event because of the `.*` regex pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example configuration, all the headers of the request would be attached to the event because of the `.*` regular expression pattern.
```
:P

If you're only interested in the host, for example, use:

```json

>       "headersPattern": "Host"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "headersPattern": "(?i)Host"
```

Reviewer: To make it case-insensitive
